## China Delivery and Beian

The Chinese Ministry of Industry and Information Technology (MIIT) requires every domain served from a server in Mainland China to have a record in its system. This is called [ICP Beian (备案)](https://beian.miit.gov.cn/). For certain domains, a [Security Beian](https://www.beian.gov.cn/) is also required. As a CDN provider, CDNetworks cannot use our servers in China to serve domains without ICP Beian. Any violation may result in our China-based servers being blocked. Customers are responsible for filing and obtaining Beian for any domain that needs local delivery in China. We can provide consulting services to assist with this process. For domains without Beian, CDNetworks can use servers located in close proximity to Mainland China (for example, Hong Kong, Korea, and Japan) to deliver content to clients in Mainland China; however, the performance will not be as good as local delivery.

If you have one or more domains with ICP Beian and want them to be accelerated in China, contact customer service to ensure we have all the required information on file about your business. After confirming that we have the necessary information, your China Delivery service will be enabled. You can then perform the following steps to enable local delivery of domains in Mainland China: 

1. Set "hasBeian" to true in the [property](</docs/portal/edge-configurations/creating-property.md>) of this domain. This ensures the configuration will be deployed to servers in China and that those servers will handle client requests to this domain. Otherwise, they will return status code 451.

2. Create an [Edge Hostname](</docs/portal/traffic-management/creating-edge-hostname.md>) with "hasBeian" set to true, and use this edge hostname for the domain to be accelerated. This ensures that GSLB will direct traffic of this domain to our servers in Mainland China. 
